#following the guide for setup.

= Introduction =

Installation guide for symfony, XAMPP and Database.

= Getting Started =

== Download: ==

*XAMPP* from "http://www.apachefriends.org/download.php?xampp-win32-1.6.4.zip"

*Symfony PHP Framework* from "http://www.symfony-project.org/get/symfony-stable.tgz"

== Setup XAMPP: ==

There is a great installation guide for setup symfony:
* http://www.symfony-project.org/book/1_0/03-Running-Symfony

*Step 1:* Unzip the folder to system directory i.e. C:\xampp (Don't put it into Program Files).

*Step 2:* Go to C:\xampp and double-click on "xampp-control.exe", then click Apache and MySQL start. (If both display -running-, that mean apache and MySQL is working)

*Step 3:* Go to your browser and type http://localhost, then you will see the XAMPP main page.

== Create database password: ==

Go to "http://localhost/security/index.php" -> click on link "http://localhost/security/xamppsecurity.php"

set MySQL password as "password", or you can set whatever you want, but you need to do configuration for myisern later, so let use password as default.

== Setup Symfony ==

There is a great installation guide for setup symfony:
http://www.symfony-project.org/book/1_0/03-Running-Symfony

*Step 1:* Create a folder under XAMPP web document directory i.e. C:\xampp\htdocs\symfony.

*Step 2:* Do following command line:

{{{
\\ check symfony server is available
> pear channel-discover pear.symfony-project.com
\\ Install symfony batch file on \xampp\php
> pear install symfony/symfony
\\ Check symfony version
> symfony -V
}}}

*Step 3:* Go to the folder that you create before and right click subversion to check out this link: http://svn.symfony-project.com/tags/RELEASE_1_0_0/

*Step 4:* Setup the environment variable:

{{{
PHP_HOME
c:\xampp\php
}}}
Set PATH for PHP_HOME

*Step 5:* Create a VirtualHost for apache, then go to C:\xampp\apache\conf\httpd.conf and put following codes at the end of file.

{{{
<VirtualHost *:80>
  ServerName myisernapp.example.com
  DocumentRoot "C:\myisern-yellow\web"
  DirectoryIndex index.php
  Alias \sf C:\xampp\htdocs\sf_sandbox\web\sf
  <Directory "/$sf_symfony_data_dir/web/sf">
    AllowOverride All
    Allow from All
  </Directory>
  <Directory "C:\myisern-yellow\web">
    AllowOverride All
    Allow from All
  </Directory>
</VirtualHost>
}}}

*Step 6:* Restart XAMPP by using XAMPP Control Panel.(If XAMPP cannot run properly, that mean some path is wrong or didn't exist on the code above).

== myisern-yellow Project Installation ==

  #Extract myisern-yellow in C:\
  # Go to http://localhost , and you can see symfony main page.

*Setup Database*

*Step 1:* Go to http://localhost/phpmyadmin/

*Step 2:* Use Username as root, password as password to login.

*Step 3:* Create a new table call "myisern"

*Step 4:* Go into "myisern" -> click "import" -> "Browse" -> select \myisern-yellow\web\myisern2\sql\myisern.sql