#following the guide for setup.

= Introduction =

Installation guide for symfony, XAMPP and Database.

= Getting Started =

== Download XAMPP & Symfony PHP Framework: ==

*XAMPP* from "http://www.apachefriends.org/download.php?xampp-win32-1.6.4.zip"

*Symfony PHP Framework* from "http://www.symfony-project.org/get/symfony-stable.tgz"

== STEP 1 -> Setup XAMPP: ==

There is a great installation guide for setup symfony:
* http://www.symfony-project.org/book/1_0/03-Running-Symfony

*Step 1:* Unzip the folder to system directory i.e. C:\xampp (Don't put it into Program Files).

*Step 2:* Go to C:\xampp and double-click on "xampp-control.exe", then click Apache and MySQL start. (If both display -running-, that mean apache and MySQL is working)

*Step 3:* Go to your browser and type http://localhost, then you will see the XAMPP main page.

== STEP 2 -> Create database password: ==

Go to "http://localhost/security/index.php" -> click on link "http://localhost/security/xamppsecurity.php"

set MySQL password as "password", or you can set whatever you want, but you need to do configuration for myisern later, so let use password as default.

== STEP 3 -> Setup Database ==

*Step 1:* Go to http://localhost/phpmyadmin/

*Step 2:* Use Username as "root", password as "password" to login database.

*Step 3:* Create a new table call "myisern"

*Step 4:* Go into "myisern" -> click "import" -> "Browse" -> select \myisern-yellow\web\myisern2\sql\myisern.sql

== STEP 4 -> Setup Symfony ==

There is a great installation guide for setup symfony:
http://www.symfony-project.org/book/1_0/03-Running-Symfony

*Step 1:* Create a folder under XAMPP web document directory i.e. C:\xampp\htdocs\symfony.

*Step 2:* Do following command line:

{{{
> pear channel-discover pear.symfony-project.com

> pear install symfony/symfony

> symfony -V
}}}

*Step 3:* Setup the environment variable:

{{{
%PHP_HOME% = c:\xampp\php
}}}
Set PATH for PHP_HOME

*Step 4:* Create a VirtualHost for apache, then go to C:\xampp\apache\conf\httpd.conf and put following codes at the end of file.

{{{
<VirtualHost *:80>
  ServerName myisernapp.example.com
  DocumentRoot "C:\myisern-yellow\web"
  DirectoryIndex index.php
  Alias \sf C:\php5\pear\data\symfony\web\sf
  <Directory "/$sf_symfony_data_dir/web/sf">
    AllowOverride All
    Allow from All
  </Directory>
  <Directory "C:\myisern-yellow\web">
    AllowOverride All
    Allow from All
  </Directory>
</VirtualHost>
}}}

*Step 5:* Restart XAMPP by using XAMPP Control Panel.(If XAMPP cannot run properly, that mean some path is wrong or didn't exist on the code above).

== myisern-yellow Project Installation ==

  # Extract myisern-yellow in C:\
  # Go to http://localhost/myisern2/ , and you can see symfony main page.