#Help user success to use Myisern system.


= User Guide =

Help user success to use Myisern system.

== Login ==

  *Login Page is the first page of Myisern 2.0 that user must go this page to logon before use the system. That's mean if user does not logon, then they cannot access any other pages. Also, the system have count time session, once logon session gone, user may need to re-login again.

== Switch Type ==

  * There is a combo box that able to switch back and forward of collaboration, organization and researcher.

== Select All Check Box and Delete button ==

  * The "Select All" Check box able user to select all item on the list, this feature is  combine with delete button to use. 
  * Check "Select All" box and click delete button then will able to delete all item on list.

== Add ==

  * For add, there is error handing on adding collaboration year and able to add more than one year by using "," as delimitor.
  * User cannot add without a name.

== Edit ==
  
  * For edit, click on the name on list and new window will pop up, then user will able to edit the information for that particular entry.

== Single Delete ==

  * For single delete, click on check box near the item you want to delete, and click on delete button.

== Multiple Delete ==

  * For multiple delete, select more than one item you want to delete and click on delete button.
 
== Logout botton ==

  * Be able to go back to login page, when click on logout link.

== Show picture ==

  * In researcher page, each researcher have their own picture show up, when you put a right picture link on pic-link field, any dead link will not be able to show up the picture on picture field, so make sure the link is working before put on picture link field.
                                           = END =
*Enjoy!!! Myisern System*